Story Recapped here.
Today, I'm going to explain a horror sci-fi
film called "Body Snatchers."
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
Marti Malone has been looking forward to her
summer vacation.
But she has no choice but to spend most of
it on the road because her father, Steve,
has been assigned by the Environmental Protection
Agency to investigate possible contamination
in a military base in Alabama.
Joining them on the trip is her stepmother,
Carol, and her 6-year-old half-brother Andy.
Carol and Andy are enjoying the road trip,
but Marti feels left out as nobody asked her
what she wanted to do for her vacation.
During a stop at a gas station, Marti is suddenly
attacked by a soldier inside the bathroom.
The man holds a knife against her throat and
covers her mouth to prevent her from screaming.
When he notices that she's afraid, he slowly
removes his hand from her mouth and warns
her that "They" are out there, and they get
people when they're asleep.
When he releases Marti, she runs to her dad
and tells him that someone with a knife attacked
her in the toilet.
But when Steve enters the bathroom, there's
nobody there.
When they arrive at the base, they are assigned
to a house in sector C. As Marti looks around
the house, she finds out that there are only
two bedrooms.
Carol tells her that she'll have to share
a room with Andy.
Instead of helping her father unpack, Marti
wanders around the base and comes across a
restricted area.
Several military personnel approach her, telling
her that she can't stay there without a security
clearance.
Before long, a girl in a red convertible arrives
and tells Marti to get inside the car.
The girl introduces herself as Jenn and tells
her that her father runs the base.
Jenn takes Marti to her home and tries to
introduce Marti to her mother, but she's passed
out on a sofa.
Jenn discloses that her mother is an alcoholic
as she takes a sip of her mother's vodka.
That night, Andy wakes up from a nightmare,
so she goes to his parent's bedroom.
As Carol tries to put the boy at ease, they
hear a man screaming outside while some military
personnel loads him in a truck.
The next day, Steve meets up with General
Platt so he could start his investigation.
Platt, who's not enthusiastic about Steve's
presence at the base, tells a captain to assist
Steve in any way so he could leave as soon
as possible.
While gathering samples at the river, Major
Collins, head of the base medical corps, approaches
Steve and asks him about the possible effects
of exposure to chemicals.
Steve informs him that most of the chemicals
stored at the base are toxic.
Collins asks him if there are psychological
effects from chemical exposure because he
has witnessed a few soldiers exhibiting psychosis
and paranoia.
Some of them are afraid to sleep, while others
are afraid of their own family.
Steve tells him that he has no idea what Collins
has seen, but he assures him that it's not
related to the chemicals.
Before leaving Steve to his work, Collins
asks him to keep him up-to-date about his
investigation.
Back at the house, several soldiers arrive
to deliver some equipment for Steve.
Marti lets them in, but she's puzzled when
she finds the soldiers inside her father's
room.
When she asks them what they're doing, they
claim that they're just delivering the boxes.
Meanwhile, Andy is brought to a daycare center,
where children are taught to draw.
When the teacher tells the kids to hold their
pictures up, they all have drawn the same
artwork except Andy.
When Andy sees the other drawings, he gets
confused and starts to wonder if he's done
something wrong.
Later on, he leaves the daycare center and
runs around the military base on his own.
When a serviceman named Tim asks what he's
doing around the base, Andy tells him that
he's running away from bad people.
When Tim takes the boy home, Marti points
out that he's still supposed to be in daycare.
Andy tells her that he hates the place because
they all had the same pictures and tried to
make him go to sleep.
When Steve arrives, Marti starts flirting
with Tim and learns that he's a chopper pilot.
Before heading back to the barracks, Tim lets
her know that he usually hangs out at a bar
called Top Gun.
Later that night, Carol is perplexed that
Andy is already having trouble fitting in
at the daycare when he's only been there for
a day.
Steve tells Carol that they should take him
back there soon so he could make new friends.
While Marti washes the dishes, Jenn knocks
on the door and tells Marti to come with her.
Before they could leave, Carol sees Jenn and
invites her in.
When Jenn introduces herself to Steve, he
learns that she's the general's daughter.
Jenn tells Steve that she stopped by so she
could take Marti out and show her around.
Steve agrees to let Marti go, but he tells
her to be home by midnight.
Jenn takes Marti to a bar, where they come
across Tim and a serviceman named Pete.
Jenn notices that the place looks empty, so
she asks Pete where the others are.
Pete quips that they avoided the place because
they heard Jenn's dad is coming.
When Jenn leaves with Pete, Tim offers Marti
a beer.
As they get acquainted, two military personnel
enter the room and grab a soldier sleeping
at the other end of the bar.
As one of the officers turns to them, Marti
is struck with fear when she recognizes him
as the man who attacked her at the gas station.
When they confront him about the incident,
the officer tells them that he doesn't know
what they're talking about.
The officer advises Tim to take Marti home,
asserting that she might have too much to
drink.
When the officer leaves, Tim tries to follow
him, but Marti stops him, saying she might've
made a mistake.
Somewhere near the camp, soldiers are picking
up huge pods from a swamp to load them into
a truck.
Meanwhile, Andy gets up from his bed and looks
for Carol in their room, but when he gets
closer, her body decomposes.
As he screams in horror, he sees Carol entering
the room, but Andy senses that she's not his
mother.
He runs to his dad, telling him that his mother
died.
Carol follows him downstairs and tells Steve
that Andy had a bad dream.
When Carol tries to put him to bed, Andy runs
out of the house, insisting that she's not
his mother.
As Steve runs after the boy, Marti arrives
with Tim and her friends.
Steve tells Marti to take Andy back inside
the house and confronts Tim.
He informs Tim that Marti shouldn't be drinking
because she's underage.
Tim apologizes, but Steve tells him not to
show up at the house anymore.
As Marti tries to put Andy to sleep, he tells
her that the woman that looks like Carol is
not his mother.
Marti thinks that the boy had a nightmare,
so she tells him that she had terrible dreams
too when she was his age.
Steve confronts Marti for getting home late
and intoxicated, but Marti argues that she
only had one beer.
When Steve refuses to believe her, Marti tells
him that she shouldn't bother talking with
him because he never listens to her.
In the morning, Marti tells Steve that she
can't wait till she turns 18, so she could
leave the house.
Steve tells her that if she wants to leave,
she doesn't have to wait till she's 18.
When Marti goes out, Steve asks Andy whether
he wants to go to daycare or stay with his
mother.
Andy, however, reiterates that his mother
is dead.
When Steve looks at Carol to see how she'd
react, she just stares at him and forces a
smile.
Inside a warehouse at the base, Steve is testing
some toxic chemicals when somebody accidentally
drops two barrels from the forklift.
One of the crew members gets burned, so Steve
tells them to call an ambulance.
However, another crew member tells Steve not
to worry, saying they can take care of the
injured man.
Steve is horrified to see the injury, but
the crew seems oddly calm.
When Marti visits Jenn at home, Jenn tells
hints that something might be wrong with her
mother.
She points out that her mother's glass is
usually filled with vodka, but at the time,
there's nothing but water.
Jenn's mother leaves the house, telling them
that she will play bridge at their neighbor's
house, but Jenn stresses that her mother doesn't
know how to play bridge.
Meanwhile, Steve goes back to the warehouse
to take a tissue sample from the suit burned
in the accident.
When he tests the sample, he can't identify
the substance because it doesn't show up on
the list of herbicides.
He calls his office and tells them that he
will send the sample the next day.
That evening, Andy tells Marti that he wants
to go home.
Marti assures him that their father will take
them home as soon as he finishes the investigation.
When Marti tells him that everything will
be fine, Andy suddenly blurts out that "it
happens" when they sleep.
When Marti asks what he means, Andy tells
her, "you die."
Carol then enters their room to tell Marti
that the bathtub is ready.
When Marti goes to the bathroom, Carol urges
Andy to get in bed.
The child hesitates, fearing that he'll die
when he sleeps, but he eventually agrees.
As Marti falls asleep in the bathtub, tentacles
start creeping out of a pod hidden in the
ceiling.
Carol notices that Steve's arching his back
in the bedroom, so she offers him a massage.
Soon, the tentacles reach Marti and creep
into her nose.
In the bedroom, tentacles have also started
entering Steve's body as Carol watches.
As the pod above the ceiling turns into a
human, Marti suddenly wakes up and swiftly
removes the tentacles from her face.
As she gasps for air, the body falls on top
of her.
Horrified from seeing a copy of herself, she
gets up from the bathtub and runs to her father's
bedroom.
When she finds him in bed, she removes the
tentacles and wakes him up.
A hand suddenly grabs her ankle from beneath
the bed, so she pulls away, dragging Steve's
duplicate out in the open.
Not long, the body starts to wither and gets
pulled back under the bed.
Meanwhile, Carol calmly calls someone on the
phone, asking duplicates to go to their house.
When Steve finds Carol, he tells her that
they need to leave.
Carol, however, stresses that there's nowhere
to go because what they just experienced is
happening everywhere.
She warns them that they can't run or hide
because there's no one like them left.
Steve finally realizes that Carol is not the
same person he once knew.
Carol tells him not to be afraid because all
the fear and confusion will soon disappear
when he sleeps.
As she walks toward Steve, she convinces him
to join them, saying they will be connected
and he'll feel fantastic when he wakes up.
When Marti and Andy reach the front door,
Steve shoves Carol away and runs out of the
house.
Carol walks outside the door and emits an
ear-piercing wail, calling other duplicates.
People rush outside of their homes to run
after Steve and Marti.
When they get to a corner of the sector, three
men start shooting at the people chasing them.
Tim is startled by the gunshots and the wailing
outside, so he asks Petey if he knows what's
happening.
As he searches around the house, he comes
across Petey and other M.P.'s in the bathroom.
Petey tells him to go to sleep.
When he refuses, they try to subdue him, but
he fights back and manages to escape.
Meanwhile, Steve takes Marti and Andy to a
warehouse and tells them to wait for him while
he calls for help.
As the duplicates continue to search for them,
Steve sneaks into a building and finds himself
in an office.
He tries using the phone, but he hears someone
else using it.
When he enters another room, he finds Major
Collins trying to connect to an outside line.
However, the woman on the other end tells
Collins that all the lines are busy at the
moment.
Collins gets hysterical when the woman calls
him by his name even though he never mentioned
it.
He throws the phone against the wall and takes
some amphetamines.
When Steve approaches him, the major points
a gun at Steve, telling him to stay back.
Steve asks him if he has a car, but the major
argues that it's too late to run.
Collins tells him that they have to stand
up and fight because the duplicates will just
come after them if they run.
Collins offers him some amphetamines, advising
him not to fall asleep.
When Steve hears people arriving, he hides
in the next room.
General Platt soon enters the room with a
few M.P.s. to convince Collins to allow them
to replace him with a duplicate.
The general reveals that there are already
thousands of them on earth, and they have
grown stronger as they travel across the universe.
The duplicates contend that the individual
is not essential because only unity can guarantee
survival.
They further stress that the human race is
doomed on its own, so he should join them
if he wants to survive.
As the general and the other duplicates approach
him, Collins shoots himself in the head rather
than let them make a copy of his body.
Steve gets back to the warehouse and tells
them that he found a way to get out of the
base.
While driving a jeep out of the camp, Marti
notes that the duplicates are already everywhere.
When Marti asks where they're going, Steve
tells her not to worry because he knows what
he's doing.
Steve advises her not to show any emotions.
Marti watches Steve intently as he drives,
suspecting that he has already been replaced.
When Steve reiterates that he knows what he's
doing, Marti pulls the hand brake and tries
to take Andy out of the jeep so they could
run.
Steve, however, manages to grab her.
As she struggles, Tim arrives and tells Steve
to let Marti go.
Marti runs toward Tim and asks him to shoot
Steve, saying he's not her father.
Steve calmly tells Tim to put the gun away,
but Marti points it at him while Tim is still
holding it.
Tim tries to take control of the weapon, but
Marti eventually manages to pull the trigger,
hitting Steve in the chest.
After Steve dies, they watch Steve's body
disintegrate rapidly, convincing Tim that
he's a duplicate.
While they drive away, an M.P. wails to alert
the duplicates to their whereabouts.
Tim drives to the hangar with the entire army
after them and tells Marti to stay at the
jeep while he takes out a helicopter.
He tells Marti to get ready to move when he
lands.
Marti advises Tim to act like one of the duplicates
to avoid suspicion.
When Tim reaches the chopper, Petey and his
friends arrive.
Tim manages to avoid showing any emotion as
Petey observes his reactions to his questioning.
As Petey continues to probe him, Tim tells
them that they're wasting time because someone
is waiting for light support.
Before he gets inside the helicopter, Petey
tells Tim that he slept with his girlfriend.
When Tim doesn't react, Petey tells the M.P.'s
to let him fly the chopper.
Outside the hangar, the duplicates find Marti
and Andy.
Tim sees them being forced into a truck, so
he follows them.
Soon, the truck arrives in the infirmary,
so Tim lands the helicopter and looks for
them inside.
Tim carefully walks around without an expression
on his face as he witnesses people being replaced
in the room.
After looking around the room, Tim finally
finds Marti as she is being replaced.
While other duplicates are distracted, Tim
tries to wake Marti up.
Marti's copy soon comes to life, so Tim slowly
removes the tentacles from her face.
When the duplicate begs him to stop, he swiftly
pulls out the tentacles, causing the duplicate
to wince in pain.
When Marti wakes up, the duplicate starts
to wither away.
Outside, General Platt's duplicate is assigning
trucks to drive to different bases across
the U.S.
Meanwhile, Tim and Marti calmly walk out of
the infirmary, trying to blend in with the
duplicates.
Marti asks Tim if he's seen Andy, but he tells
her that he wasn't in the infirmary.
As they walk towards the helicopter, Marti
tells him that she's not leaving without Andy.
Tim tells her that they'll come back for the
boy, but she insists on finding him before
leaving.
As they walk around, they come across Jenn,
so they try to maintain their cover.
When she asks them where they're going, Tim
tells her they have work to do.
As they leave, Jenn whispers to Marti, saying
she saw Andy and he's looking for her.
Marti keeps walking, but she soon turns around
to ask Jenn where he saw the boy.
Jenn starts wailing, so they run towards the
chopper.
As Tim prepares to fly the helicopter, Andy
arrives and calls out to Marti.
She takes him inside the chopper and hugs
him, but as they fly away, Andy shoves Marti
and attacks Tim.
Marti tries to pull Andy away as he covers
Tim's eyes.
Tim tells Marti to throw him out because he's
no longer her brother.
After she pulls him away from Tim, the boy
starts strangling her.
When Marti throws the boy off the chopper,
he wails as he falls to the ground.
Back at the base, the captain asks the general
if they should go after the helicopter.
General Platt tells him to let them go because
no one would believe them.
The next day, Tim blows up the military trucks
that came out of the Alabama base.
Marti confesses that she felt conflicting
emotions such as vengeance, despair, hatred,
remorse, and pity at the same time as she
watches the bombs explode.
When they arrive in Atlanta, they are given
clearance to land at an airbase.
As Tim lands the chopper, Marti recalls her
stepmother’s words telling them there's
nowhere for them to run because there's no
one like them left.